# Git Practice

## Centralized Workflow - An Interesting Article

**Author:** Rashed Rifat <br>
**Article:**
[What devops needs to know about data governance](https://www.infoworld.com/article/3672114/what-devops-needs-to-know-about-data-governance.html)

This article mainly discusses data governance, more commonly known as data management (including activities such as properly cleaning, sorting and cataloging the data that a corporate entity may receive) and pitches the idea that proper data governance should be the responsibility for all stakeholders involved the project, as opposed to an individual or a department. New changes to the data management landscape, such as new regulations and more nuanced interactions from privacy focused consumers, have initiated a major change for many organizations as they race to adhere to proper policies and protect the information of their consumers. In addition to avoiding lawsuits, a comprehensive data governance policy can lead to a competitive market edge, as companies are able to trust their data to make key business decisions, potentially increasing revenue streams differentiating themselves from their competitors. For all these reasons, as well as many more, data governance is quickly becoming a priority at many firms as changing data norms represent both a logistical battle as well as new a opportunity for explosive growth.

I find it interesting to see how a changing data landscape have started to shift the way that companies are collecting, protecting and processing data. Privacy and data collection have always been a concern for web citizens, but have often been overlooked due to how innocuous the practice seems. Surely, collecting some data about your preferences for which cake your prefer is harmless, right? But the rabbit hole runs much deeper and data brokers are often much more sinister. Data collection is everywhere and holistic, made worse by the fact that companies will often share the data they collect with other organizations and use it to create a data profile of their consumers, which can accurately predict ones spending habits and preferences. While this may seem relatively harmless, having access to this sort of data can compromise many users on not only their identity but can only subtly influence the user via ads and curated content. This is already terrifying, as it suggests that the way that we form our worldviews, through the content we consume on the web, has been shaped by an entity for whom we cannot be assured nor understand their intentions. Privacy and proper data management must not be taken lightly, either by consumers nor companies. It is for this reason, then, that I find this article a delightful step in the right direction, as it shows that organizations are now forced to actively think about these issues and suggest solutions to tackling them. While advocation for consumer privacy rights are much needed, changes to how companies use their data signals that these issues are being taken seriously and are a major concern. I find ti heartening, that even at a time where much of our data may be at risk, there are still steps that the Web, as a whole, is taking to protect the safety of its constituents and, ultimately, the world.

---

**Author:** Richard Yang <br>
**Comment:**

The concept of devops and dataops is relatively new to me. It was an interesting read because it gave me a better perspective of what the two fields are, and why they are important in this day and age. With so many nuances to implementing devops, I can see why it being a very time consuming part of operations. Luckily, with the different tools at the developers' disposal, the process is made a lot easier.
